APPEND

##################################################################################

#Effects - New Game

##################################################################################

[effect]
name=Knockback
type=forced_move

[effect]
name=Convert
type=convert
#animation=animations/powers/spark_red_loop.txt
animation=animations/powers/runes_green.txt
#what is this?
floor=true

[effect]
name=Death Sentence
type=death_sentence

[effect]
name=Lower Absorb min
type=absorb_min
animation=animations/powers/runes_orange.txt

[effect]
name=Lower Absorb max
type=absorb_max

[effect]
name=Lower Avoidance
type=avoidance

[effect]
name=Lower Poise
type=poise

[effect]
name=Lower Fire Resist
type=fire_resist

[effect]
name=Lower Ice Resist
type=ice_resist

[effect]
name=Lower Earth Resist
type=earth_resist

[effect]
name=Lower Lightning Resist
type=lightning_resist

[effect]
name=Lower Melee Damage min
type=dmg_melee_min
animation=animations/powers/smoke_black.txt

[effect]
name=Lower Melee Damage max
type=dmg_melee_max

[effect]
name=Lower Ranged Damage min
type=dmg_ranged_min

[effect]
name=Lower Ranged Damage max
type=dmg_ranged_max

[effect]
name=Lower Mental Damage min
type=dmg_ment_min

[effect]
name=Lower Mental Damage max
type=dmg_ment_max

[effect]
name=Lower Critical Hit Rate
type=crit

[effect]
name=Lower Accuracy
type=accuracy

[effect]
name=Fear
type=fear
animation=animations/powers/fear.txt

[effect]
name=Fear Immobilise
type=stun
animation=animations/powers/spark_red_loop.txt

[effect]
name=HP bonus
type=hp

[effect]
name=Raise Melee Damage min
type=dmg_melee_min

[effect]
name=Raise Melee Damage max
type=dmg_melee_max

[effect]
name=HP Buff bonus - protection
type=hp
animation=animations/powers/shield.txt

[effect]
name=Raise Absorb min - protection
type=absorb_min

[effect]
name=Raise Absorb max - protection
type=absorb_max

[effect]
name=Raise Avoidance - protection
type=avoidance

[effect]
name=Raise Fire Resist - protection
type=fire_resist

[effect]
name=Raise Ice Resist - protection
type=ice_resist

[effect]
name=Raise Earth Resist - protection
type=earth_resist

[effect]
name=Raise Lightning Resist - protection
type=lightning_resist

[effect]
name=Increase Speed - werewolf
type=speed

[effect]
name=Raise Avoidance - werewolf
type=avoidance

[effect]
name=Raise Accuracy - werewolf
type=accuracy
